MAINT: update scipy.linalg section (#579)
scipy-lectures/scipy-lecture-notes: intro/scipy/index.rst

Linear algebra operations: :mod:`scipy.linalg`
----------------------------------------------

> .. tip::

Author: "Tip" is all over the place. Do you agree that this (and many of them) are unnecessary?

implementations of standard linear algebra operations: the BLAS (Basic

> Linear Algebra Subroutines) and LAPACK (Linear Algebra PACKage) libraries.

Author: This sentence could use additional wordsmithing.

For example, the :func:`scipy.linalg.det` function computes the determinant
of a square matrix::

    >>> import scipy as sp
    >>> arr = np.array([[1, 2],
    ...                 [3, 4]])
    >>> sp.linalg.det(arr)
    -2.0
    >>> arr = np.array([[1, 1],

>     ...                 [1, 1]])

Author: (even) more obviously singular

    >>> sp.linalg.det(arr)
    0.0
    >>> sp.linalg.det(np.ones((3, 4)))
    Traceback (most recent call last):
    ...

>     ValueError: expected square matrix

Author: Is this important to emphasize?

> The :func:`scipy.linalg.solve` function solves linear systems of the
> form :math:`Ax = b`.

Author: ```suggestion
Mathematically, the solution of a linear system :math:`Ax = b` is :math:`x = A^{-1}b`,
but explicit inversion of a matrix is numerically unstable and should be avoided.
Instead, use :func:`scipy.linalg.solve`::
```

    >>> A = np.array([[1, 2],
    ...               [2, 3]])
    >>> b = np.array([14, 23])

>     >>> x = sp.linalg.solve(A, b)

Author: Using neater numbers and simpler variable names.

    ValueError: expected square matrix

* The :func:`scipy.linalg.inv` function computes the inverse of a square
  matrix::
The :func:`scipy.linalg.solve` function solves linear systems of the
form :math:`Ax = b`.

    >>> arr = np.array([[1, 2],
    ...                 [3, 4]])
    >>> iarr = sp.linalg.inv(arr)
    >>> iarr
    array([[-2. ,  1. ],
           [ 1.5, -0.5]])
    >>> np.allclose(arr @ iarr, np.eye(2))
    >>> A = np.array([[1, 2],
    ...               [2, 3]])
    >>> b = np.array([14, 23])
    >>> x = sp.linalg.solve(A, b)
    >>> x
    array([4., 5.])
    >>> np.allclose(A @ x, b)
    True

>   Finally computing the inverse of a singular matrix (its determinant is zero)

Author: Is there a need to indent text within a section?

>     ...LinAlgError: Matrix is singular

Author: Is this important to emphasize? (Should we remove it?)

The original matrix can be recovered by matrix multiplication of the
factors::

    >>> S = np.diag(s)  # convert to diagonal matrix before matrix multiplication
    >>> A2 = U @ S @ Vh
    >>> np.allclose(A2, A)
    True
    >>> A3 = (U * s) @ Vh  # more efficient: use array math broadcasting rules!

>     np.allclose(A3, A)

Author: ```suggestion
    >>> np.allclose(A3, A)
    True
```
